c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\CodeFirst.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\CodeFirst.pdb
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\Autofac.Configuration.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.Entity.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Json.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Web.Http.Common.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Json.xml
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Web.Http.Common.xml
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\WebActivator.pdb
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\obj\Debug\CodeFirst.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\obj\Debug\CodeFirst.pdb
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\ServiceStack.Common.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\ServiceStack.Text.dll
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\ServiceStack.Common.pdb
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\ServiceStack.Common.xml
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\ServiceStack.Interfaces.pdb
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\ServiceStack.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\ServiceStack.Redis.pdb
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\ServiceStack.Text.pdb
c:\users\mert.sakarya\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CodeFirst\CodeFirst\bin\ServiceStack.Text.xml
